inside here hidden underneath all of
those aquatic plants is a flat point
seven meter long crocodile and we've got
a perfect opportunity to actually test
out its bite the facility we're at now
is owned by this guy Adam Brittany's a
zoologist who specializes in crocodiles
and the animal that's inside here is
used as part of his research to find out
as much about the biology of this
magnificent creature as possible okay
let's head inside carefully quietly
slowly nothing to do is to spook him too
early
ready Billis what I've got here is a
pressure gauge so if pressure is applied
here to this part of the instrument
kneeling in register on here we've tried
this before on Komodo dragons they
actually registered about 600 pounds per
square inch
and I'm spotted hyenas although we
didn't get a really good bite that
registered about 400 pounds per square
inch I'm hoping that this is going to be
on a totally different scale I've also
got this little camera here which
hopefully should get a really really
close-up view of that final strike as we
approach the crocodile is just lying in
wait under the water completely out of
sight
whoa
okay well that was a tiny little bite
and it registered 1200 pounds per square
inch and that was nothing let go of it
almost instantly so we need to try again
thing to leave in for about 510 seconds
and then do the same as you did before
okay whoa okay I just got absolutely
smooth good you know the power of the
animal is phenomenal that is something
else
unfortunately now we've lost the bike
age the camera and the stick but I think
it's fairly safe to say that saltwater
crocodile has to go on a daily 60 holy
moly